# README.md
### SQLProductsGT25: This is a list of products on an SQL, ordered in ascending order with prices greater than $25.
### SQLProductsByPrice: This file is to show an SQL, showing a list of products ordered based on their descending prices.
### NetworkDesign: I picked a topology for the infrastructure. I chose this because I wanted to create something that used both wired and wireless devices simultaneously. A switch is used to connect the wired devices in my lucidchart. A laptop is then wirelessly connected to a wireless access point. Here, the access point acts as a sort of link between the wired and wireless networks. I could have added more access points, but I decided to keep it simple and only show the topology of the infrastructure.
Module 20 Task 3 My HTML: This is my HTML with 2 headings and a paragraph of text that describes the 2022 Fifa World Cup in Qatar.
Module 21 Task 1: My web page's file name is MyPage.png and my html's file name is index.html The website is about climate change and global warming, giving a brief description on climate change. In the screenshot and html file, there is a link to a wikipedia page with more information about climate change. The purpose of the webiste and html file is to give people a brief description about climate change and other important information such as human activities have been the driving force behind climate change due to the burning of fossil fuels.
Module 22 Task 1: MyPageWithCSS.png is my updated climate change web page with a background of a blue color and the headline Climate change: Global Warming also now has a text color of blue instead of black. I added internal CSS to my climate change web page by changing the body, h, and p tag color using HEX color representation. The updatedindex.html is my updated HTML file for my web page.
